[Music]
look out now eight mystery riddles
that'll mess with your mind
riddles aren't just for impressing your
friends or looking super smart at
parties they also train your brain and
improve your logical thinking we've
collected some of the hardest riddles
out there that will challenge you to
think outside the box or outside of your
cage in case you live at the zoo are you
sharp enough to solve all of them number
one back from the dead a husband and
wife have always enjoyed a happy
peaceful marriage mmm-hmm but one day
the woman shoots her husband holds him
underwater for over five minutes and
then hangs him yet just ten minutes
later they're spotted in a restaurant
together smiling and laughing as if
nothing's happened
so how is this possible is he back from
the dead try to think outside the box
for this one
no foul play here folks the woman is a
photographer she shot the picture of her
husband put it under water to wash off
any processing chemicals during
development and hung it up to dry it's
as simple as that
alright let's see what develops from
here number two the impossible suicide
[Music]
the police find the body of a dead woman
who's hanged herself from the ceiling so
we finally have a course yet the room
where she did it has no windows doors
tables or any other furniture there's
just a puddle of water on the floor can
you outsmart the police and figure out
exactly how the lady was able to hang
herself times ticking away
[Music]
the key here is the puddle of water on
the floor the lady had actually stood on
some big ice slabs to hang yourself from
the ceiling the ice then melted into a
puddle chillin or maybe melting number
three fatal numbers a detective who had
been mere days away from cracking an
international smuggling ring has
suddenly gone missing but he was smart
enough to try and help the investigators
in their search by leaving one clue more
specifically a special code seven one
zero five seven seven three five three
four five five zero eight five one seven
seven one eight the police have three
prime suspects John Bill and Adam can
you break the detectives code and help
the police arrest the right criminal
hariya you have 15 seconds
[Music]
time's up the numbers in the detectives
code represent letters so if you read
the message upside down you'll notice
that it says bill is boss he sells oil
so bills your guy cuff him boys
[Music]
number four innocent killer one
beautiful bright sunny day
Daniel kills his wife he does it in
public right in front of tons of
witnesses none of which tried to stop
him whatsoever to add to that Daniel
isn't even arrested or charged with his
wife's murder
well that's one messed up legal system
how is it possible think about it
[Music]
the truth is both tragic and simple
Daniel's wife was sentenced to death and
Daniel unfortunately is the executioner
well that's awkward
[Music]
number five murder at the park a man had
been strolling through the park when he
was suddenly shot in the stomach
witnesses say the gunman had brown hair
blue eyes and was wearing a baggy Armani
suit the main suspect is Shaun Baker who
matches the description perfectly the
people interrogate Shaun who gives his
account of what happened I was just
hanging out in the park and I saw this
man walking along the pathway and then
some other guy suddenly came up from
behind him and shot him I ran home as
fast as I could
the police asked him to give a
description of the murderer he answers
he had a red mustache red hair and a
baggy Armani suit on however one of the
investigators says that Shaun is lying
how does he know
[Music]
Shawn claims that the murderer came up
from behind the victim but that's
complete nonsense
the man had been shot in the stomach by
the way if you like detective riddles
and want to improve your logical
thinking skills even more check out our
other video test yourself to find out if
you're among these special individuals
and now back to more mysteries on this
list number six the Lansdale brothers
Tom Jones not the singer but some other
poor schmuck was found stabbed to death
in his apartment the last people to see
him were the Lansdale brothers Joseph
Andrew Chris mark and Ben ooh
they could have their own basketball
team all five of them had a motive and
an opportunity to kill Jones so the
police couldn't figure out which brother
did it then one of the detectives
received an anonymous note saying
question mark
Lansdale he's the killer ten minutes
later the police arrested the murderer
who did they arrest and how did they
know it was him
[Music]
the detective just read the note out
loud
question mark Lansdale he's the killer
so he immediately knew that the killer
was mark
nothing fancy or tricky here just a
clever use of punctuation period number
seven iced tea
two young ladies were enjoying a meal
together at a restaurant they both
ordered iced tea to drink one of them
was really thirsty and managed to gulp
down five glasses of tea while her not
so parched friend drank only one glass
tragically the young woman who had been
slowly nursing her one drink died but
her friend was just fine the
investigators found poison in all the
drinks that had been served so how is it
possible that the girl who drank more
survived the balls in your court now
figure it out
[Music]
the poison was actually in the ice so
the ice and the tea of the woman who had
been drinking fast didn't have time to
melt but the Ice Cube's in the other
lady's drink had plenty of time to melt
and release the poison into her tea case
closed
except did the waiter get a tip for
putting the poison in the ice sorry
outside the bounds of this question
number eight the calendar mystery a guy
named Alex was staying in the guest
house with some of his buddies but one
night he was betrayed and murdered by
one of these friends huh some friend
before Alex died he managed to quickly
write some notes on his pocket calendar
in an attempt to help the police figure
out the killer's name he circled the
dates March 4th and 5th April 4th August
6 and December 5th he also wrote the
code 12
for 8/3 on the calendar yet how much
time did this guy have anyway well can
you crack the code and find out the name
of Alex's murderer in only 15 seconds
let's see what you got
[Music]
Alexes calendar is named Mitch how can
we tell well the code 1 2 4 8 3
symbolizes the order of the letters of
the name and the circle dates represent
the number of the letter in the month
okay
let's spell it out the first number is
12 which represents the month of
December since December 5th was circle
this means the fifth letter of the month
which is M for is for April the circle 4
gives us the letter I 6 of August leaves
us with T and March 4th and 5th of
course will be the C and the H very
smart thinking Alex except it probably
took you 30 minutes to figure out and
write down the code and he could have
instead called the police but no you had
to be a smartypants and die ok I'm done
with my ramp now so how many of the
riddles did you get right tell us in the
comments below
be sure to give us a like and challenge
all your friends by sharing this video
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
and see more fun and challenging puzzles
like these and to join us on the bright
side
[Music]